 1. What would you do if you just found out you are going to be an hour late tomorrow morning?I would let someone know I was going to run late. 
2. What would you do if you realized that you only had time to finish most of your work by the due date of a group project? I would let me group know so they know where Im at and so they could help me out.
3. Knowing yourself, what are the most effective ways for you to learn and retain new information? Praticing 
4. What is growth mindset? you thrive on challenge, and don't see failure as a way to describe yourself but as a springboard for growth and developing your abilities
5. Which operating system are you using right now? Name two other popular operating systems. MacOS and popular ones are windows and android
6. Why do computers need operating systems? Why do computers need operating systems?
7. Explain what you would do if you felt stuck on a coding problem. I would try working on it for 30 minutes and if I don’t understand then ask my peers, then mentor, or tech help and then ask Cristina or Sarah/
8. Describe the ways you plan on meeting and staying connected with new people in tech this month. Going to the study groups and messaging people individually to let them know how awesome they are
9. Describe some examples of effective body language and what is communicated when they are used well. Body if facing the person, eyes are looking at the person and nodding your head
10. Describe some examples of effective word choice and what is communicated when they are used well. Using observations and stating obervations
11. How can you build trust in a team? Being on time, being honest, and doing what you stated you were going to do
12. How are the devices on the internet physically connected to each other?consists of the cables (coaxial cable, twisted pair, fiber optic, and telephone lines) that connect the different hardware residing on the network, 
13. How is information physically transmitted from device to device?electromagnetic waves.
14. How does one device find another it’s trying to communicate with? IP address
15. What methods do devices on the internet use to communicate? Email, video, 
16. How can we send data reliably even if the network is unreliable? TCP uses a three-way handshake to establish a reliable connection.

